# NPM

### What is NPM?
* NPM is a package manager for Node.js packages, or modules if you like.
* www.npmjs.com hosts thousands of free packages to download and use.
* The NPM program is installed on your computer when you install Node.js
* ```NPM is already ready to run on your computer!```

### npm  - Node package Manager

Short for Node Package Manager, is two things: first and foremost, it is an online repository for the publishing of open-source Node.js projects; second, it is a command-line utility for interacting with said repository that aids in package installation, version management, and dependency management

### What is a Package?
* A package in Node.js contains all the files you need for a module.
* Modules are JavaScript libraries you can include in your project.


### Download a Package
* Open the command line interface and tell NPM to download the package you want.
* I want to download a package called "upper-case":

#### Download "upper-case":
* ```npm install upper-case```
* Now you have downloaded and installed your first package!
* NPM creates a folder named "node_modules", where the package will be placed. All packages you install in the future will be placed in this folder.
* My project now has a folder structure like this ```C:\Users\MyProject\node_modules\upper-case```

### Using a Package
* Once the package is installed, it is ready to use.
* Include the "upper-case" package the same way you include any other module:
* Create a npm-demo.js file that will convert the output "Hello World!" into upper-case letters:
* Save the code above in a file called "npm-demo.js", and initiate the file: